all right I'm just gonna park without a
charge real quick don't worry about it
we're charging the car why are you know
we have to charge up it won't take long
at all I promise like how long like an
hour and a half two hours yeah no yeah
where you going hey hey hey what kind of
car is he have hey guys Richard rich
rebuilds here and I want to make two
quick shout outs one the Tesla for
changing my life and two - Harry's for
keeping me fresh in this video yes many
of you may know I've been driving a
Tulsa Model S that I bought completely
totaled from an insurance company and
repaired myself many years ago now Tesla
doesn't really like people fixing their
own cars and they've been slowly
deactivating the super charging ability
on cars that were on their unsupported
list if you aren't aware super charging
is Tesla's ability to charge a car very
quickly you can get up to a 50 percent
charge in as little as twenty minutes so
as luck would have it tests remove the
super charging ability from my car
because well they still have control
over the vehicles long after they've
been sold now the use of your process
could go through to get your car
recertified so you can buy parts and get
the super charging re-enabled well very
recently the new policy states that
Tesla no longer offers it as an option
so basically if you buy a car needed
repair fix it bring it in the Tesla
they'll still happy look it over work on
it for you but not allow super charging
or DC fast charging and yes I inquired
they won't even let you pay for it now I
want to get angry and jump up and down
one scream and yell oh Tesla for
devaluing my car or better yet turn it
back on myself but then I remember when
Elon Musk said this you have the choice
of the supercharger which is a noise
will be free
that was the old Tesla this new Tesla is
now threatening legal action if you turn
features back on that your car already
had just for turning it on you don't
have to use it you just have to turn it
on now if you're a regular guy that
bought his car at auction fixing a crowd
had minimal damage thinking you got a
great deal well you
didn't because one of the best features
that makes Tesla Tesla is no longer
available or if you do have it living on
borrowed time for example my good friend
Alex from the YouTube channel JIT
streetcars I bet him $1,000 that after
the video came out of him getting a
Tesla for cheap that Tesla would remove
his super charging access
he said rich no way his Tesla that petty
I said well watch this a few months
later this is the video I got from him
all right rich you won the bet when I
first bought this six months ago you bet
me $1000 that I would eventually be
blacklisted from super charging and you
were right I just plugged it in it was
able to supercharge six months ago but
it indeed has been blocked but unable to
DC fast charging to replace the little
battery it was on backward forever but I
have a new one now and then it also says
on here to super charging not available
so you were right you won the $1,000 bet
but considering the times right now I
completely understand why you changed
the thousand dollar bet to some
life-saving essentials so I got you some
disinfected wipes they didn't have
antibacterial soap so you got the
regular stuff hydrogen peroxide that
should help and then food lots of food
so I got you some goldfish crackers some
Nutella and I know you wanted really
high-quality toilet paper so I got you
this stuff it's a little gritty but it
works really well this is worth at least
a thousand bucks today so have at it
I'll ship it out to you soon good luck
out there rich you were right I was
wrong you won I lost now so this is
research by scouring auction sites and
hoping you rat each other out by
emailing the address listed in their
document for stitching submissions now
keep in mind this issue really only
affects people that have the ability
time and need to fix the cars themselves
which admittedly is a very small market
so those that have purchased their own
testers right from Tesla brand new you
are awesome keep being awesome your
tussles ideal customer and
congratulations none of this applies to
you but I'm sure some of you will watch
half the video then complain in the
comments section anyways now whenever a
Tesla blows up crashes or catches fire
it makes national headlines and makes a
company look bad why add more cars to
the mix it only affects a small group of
people
anyways and that of all the Tesla's sold
in the US only about 5,000 or so went to
insurance auctions to be repaired about
half will to put back on the road it's a
small percentage of the population
company image is key and who cares about
the minority paint them as rogues say
that fixing Tesla's endanger the lives
of others on the road even though most
of the tests that have blown up have
been due to distracted driving crashes
or road debris this is just like the
prohibition I know this is a stretch but
hear me out
in 1920 the US government didn't want
people to drink alcohol anymore
due to crime and public drunkenness and
poverty because well it was a bad image
for the United States sound familiar
so they banned it but one thing you
can't stop is someone's desire for
something if someone wants it they'll
eventually get it by any means necessary
so people smuggled it and sort of making
their own so the government decided they
were going to take action and start
poisoning the alcohol and killed about
10,000 people or so the population at
the time was 105 million that's only
point zero zero nine percent so that's
fine right sacrifice a few people for
your mission no one's gonna notice and
the US still looks good just like
refusing to supercharge rebuild Tesla's
it only affects the smog over people so
who cares how they feel in this episode
it's gonna be a little bit different
now the reenable of supercharging is now
something that tests will take legal
action and seek compensation for and I
would never encourage illegal activity
so I'm gonna show you how to lay down
and take what Tesla gives you like my
good friend who paid twelve thousand
dollars to have a test look over his car
to recertify for super charging for only
a month later Tesla the disable it and
say we change our policies sorry for the
inconvenience do you know what most
people would do if you took $12,000 to
them and promised a service that was
never delivered on probably not be as
nice as my friend he's a big fan of
Tesla so he just well you know took what
Tesla gave it now the Model S isn't
completely worthless without super
charging it's a fine automobile and
there are some that are still running
around they never had the ability in the
first place now people always say rich
super charging only for long trips well
I'm gonna live my life as they normally
would and I'm gonna see what it's like
living without super charging and why
it's actually a good thing all right so
today I have to head to my friend
doesn't shop at Argo cycles for an
appointment at 10:00 a.m. it's
I am now and I'm usually a
procrastinator but today I'm leaving my
house with plenty of time to actually
get there nice Drive
okay any minute now any minute now and
even oh not enough range not bad
120 miles I'll take it all right this is
gonna be good because I have 74 miles
left myself a ways to go before I get to
Gus's place I've been kind of puddling
it along with only using 206 what hours
per mile so it's not that bad but when I
get I need to charge for sure I eat
armored car yeah yeah I know I know I
know but I have to charge I have like
almost no range left is other go trip
back real quick all right now is that
cool this isn't a charity pal he's gonna
get pissed if you go plug it in back
yeah I know you know what we should've
bought a car you want to borrow a car
yeah I'll let you use my car even
talking charged it up it's powered by
gas though yet the environmental impact
on a gas pump just really quick you
can't use a cable truck just two seconds
two seconds listen just like two hours
that's all it is man two hours itself no
how is it knows who I look look do you
wanna charge your car just yeah fifty
bucks
it cost me 50 bucks to fill my car 50
bucks to fill your listen just listen
just two hours and call a tow truck tow
truck it's a little extreme isn't it Wow
Wow
[Music]
oh my scooter alright so I'm literally
behind an abandoned out boobies right
now I have about 8 miles left that's not
enough charger to get anywhere and I'm
gonna double-check and see if these are
available outlets right here let's see
what I could do
oh this I have to drive up on the grass
and plug in this is gonna get messy
I hope there's power in these okay good
I'll have to plug my thing in there and
figure that out
that's gonna be fun slash interesting
Tesla thank you again Harry and behind a
dumpster because there's no charge
points I use plug share all the apps is
just nothing in this area that has it so
I will be parking this car right here to
plug in for the next maybe 15 hours or
so who needs Tesla superchargers when
you're at a Walmart and you have
Electrify America electrifly America I
just want to thank you so much for
saving me I am sorry that toss had
terminated my super charging access
Tesla unfortunate realize that you can
plug in a Tesla anywhere and get it
burned up but whatever unlock the charge
port okay let your phayam Erica come
through in the clinch here what are you
doing ready
pricing what the [__] okay that's not
gonna fit so how do I read the
instructions correctly I would know that
these are CCS only
and the CCSS will not charge my Tesla
CCF these are all CCS so ok thanks ok
this is no big deal because I'll just
buy the CCS the Tesla adapter right and
it looks like those won't exists cool
but there is a Chatham O'Hare custom a
to Chatham adapter so I'll just get that
I called Tesla and they don't make it
anymore and it's $700 on eBay for a
youth discontinued product and if you
filter by which stations use them it
looks even worse I was going to buy it
until I realized Tesla also cancelled my
DC packs charging as well
wait wait wait there's a Tesla place
right there this is a new town so
location opening up and it looks like
they have some Tesla charging stations
there so I'm gonna try that one out okay
that light's not on but oh come on man I
need
open pour it up
oh come on these don't work this one
doesn't work at all I don't know what's
going on this is the future of this car
isn't a gas you know that look at that
la-dee-da must be nice
what's that like huh they're charging
sweetie we can't do that electric
vehicle parking only who else's partner
who else has taken up that charging spot
but what exactly the ah lame all right
we're here we're charging thank you
charge point yeah this is the speed is
not ideal are you like three hours
sweetie
[Music]
you gotta use stuff like this charge
points or the the commoners as we call
them this is the common person charging
so what I want to do is I want to get my
charge point app open my friend Steve
and I that have some lunch and I'm gonna
charge it while I'm eating start charge
start charging yes
[Music]
if I was a supercharger I'd be charging
right now and probably eating food
already this is real time oh my little
attachment here my will dongle okay
good charge point cut me off no they
didn't awesome it's charging okay so I'm
getting 18 miles an hour whatever I'll
take it let's have some lunch all right
to some right this is what you do when
you have to wait to charge you're gonna
have some fun with got some scooter
actions here this is the contingency
plan this is how we're gonna get around
so we're gonna go get some lunch hop on
the scooters and boat time to get back
to only a charge maybe six miles or so
so far we've been gone for about six
minutes so I've gained approximately
zero miles of charge so far which is
good
had it been a super charger I'd be like
halfway done by now but whatever it is
what it is thanks Tesla
[Laughter]
[Music]
let's see how many watts brings back
all right so I passed the time of I
don't know 11 hours or so waiting for my
car to charge what an earth do I do now
I called my mom found my tax return cut
my toenails out now I'm starting to turn
into a hippie kind of make my faces
baby-soft my dome-piece now I'm not one
for buying overpriced nonsense as you
all know so someone that Harry's happen
to come at me for looking a little
homeless I couldn't argue that but some
of you may not know what it's like to
have beautiful sensitive skin but
there's a solution
so first Harry's has refills starting at
only $2 which is less than my chicken
sandwich at my favorite restaurant and
they guarantee a close comfortable shave
with a hundred percent money-back
guarantee glorious and Harry's
manufacturers their own razor blades and
their Factory in Germany and thinks from
Germany are cool and the Germans are
quite sharp so I can side with this plus
refills are delivered straight to your
door on your schedule
normal waiting in lines to drugstore
maybe they'll even deliver it to my car
while I shave and wait 10 more hours for
charging to complete so if you want a
nice razor to tame your mane the boys at
Harry's will hook you up with everything
you need for a close comfortable shave
redeem your trial set for those three
dollars when you go to harrys.com such
rich rebuilds thanks for watching this
episode so I could buy bulk mailing
lists to send supercharging request to
Tesla a staggering 11 miles all right
guys we're almost here we're gonna
charge real quick gonna be on the way I
think it's in this thing as a charger
over here somewhere where is it I got it
there we go perfect
all right I'm just gonna park without a
charge real quick don't worry about it
we're charging the car I don't have time
for this why are we you know we have to
charge real pickle it won't take long at
all I promise how long like an hour and
a half two hours tops nope
yeah where you going hey hey hey what
kind of car is he have dad are you
serious right now yeah yeah pretty much
that's ridiculous right you know what
can you pick me up to highlight those
examples so far pretty crazy huh those
are actually real-world examples of
there wasn't really much exaggeration
there except maybe the kids playing
around a little bit but those are
real-world things you have to deal with
when you don't have supercharging one of
Tesla's claims to fame is that they have
the ability to charge very quickly
almost on a similar level to a
gas-powered car remember a while back
when Elon must had that example of doing
a battery pack swap versus filling up an
Audi with gas and he was able to achieve
the battery swap very quickly in similar
time in a vehicle would would take the
pump gas now obviously that didn't work
out very well it was kind of swept under
the rug didn't really talk about it ever
again but that's one of Tesla's claims
to fame they know that people need to
get places very quickly so having the
inconvenience of having to charge in
evey can be quite time-consuming because
you know time is money obviously now the
problem is is that there's a huge
penalty to pay as I showed you guys if
your car is fully charged at all times
then you're kind of screwed in a way
because you could have up to a two to
three-hour penalty to pay if you decided
that hey you know what I forgot to talk
to my car or maybe where you live in an
apartment complex it may not necessarily
have the right charging infrastructure
so you can have a Tesla there but on
your way to your actual job you can
charge in the mean time or charge it
your work for example now the thing
that's happening now is what I have to
make larger trips because I'm not really
Tesla owner a lot of Tesla owners are a
little bit more consistent with where
they go so for example they have
charging at home and a lot of cases they
complain to their work so they have
charging at their work as well me
unfortunately I don't really have that
convenience because I'm a youtuber
obviously and I have to go from place to
place not really knowing where there's
gonna be charging infrastructure for
example a lot of my trips involve me
going to Pennsylvania for example
sometimes Montreal and very recently
Texas so a quick example of that is I
have to plan a trip to to Pennsylvania
coming up very soon and the unfortunate
part is due to having no super charging
or DC fast charging that's going to make
that trip absolutely agony so in most
cases what I would do dragan
Pennsylvania let's just say for us six
and a half seven hours or so it would
take me about maybe one stop maybe two
stops 30 to 45 minutes each which isn't
bad to normal to kind of stop but you
take for a trip that long and that would
be that bad unfortunately having no DC
fast charging and having to use standard
level 2 charging makes that trip almost
double in time it really does and I have
to think to myself at what point is it
is it no longer worth it like what what
what am i fighting for exactly the
choices are to either continue as is and
just say hey listen I'm driving a TV
this is the greatest thing in the world
I got the car for cheap I should just
suck it up and deal with it or do I buy
another Tesla and say a clean one and
say okay this is what I'm doing or do
why go to something else for example and
one of the reasons why I'm leaning
towards not buying into the tussle is
because the name of the channel it
rebuilds obviously and I have to build
stuff and if I'm in the position where
I'm not building anything what am I
really doing what content is that car
gonna provide for me me buying a model 3
makes me like the 6,000 other model 3
Tesla channels out there and doesn't set
me a partner in any way so that's a
dilemma coming up and right now what I
have to do is I have to call my friend
from demonology on YouTube he wants me
to come to Texas to visit him for a
racing event and I have to give him news
that because
car can't supercharge it would normally
take 27 hours in a gas car to get there
it's gonna take me about probably 36 if
I could supercharge but it could very
well take over a hundred hours to get
there because I don't have super
charging nor do I have fast DC charging
so this is a real thing people may say
you know what suck it up stop
complaining but you know this is one of
Tesla's main features and and driving
day to day on a short-range basis is
fine but if you actually want to go
somewhere like I want to do and I want
to show the people hey look look what
Eevee's can do look at what I built it
no longer serves that purpose but either
way watch this YouTube Keane will toss
versus what you gonna do rich I'm gonna
bring I mean I want to bring my Tesla
but the thing is like I can't I can't
super charge it anymore
so it's gonna take me 60 hours to get
down there if I were to get rid of that
car I would lose all my subscribers
they'd start writing in the 60s but hey
you know what though listen listen
listen right here's the thing here's the
thing you're not thinking about right
now think about the environmental impact
okay I'll be there won't you
maybe I'll be there in spirit I'll be
there one way or the other all right
hey man it's gonna be it's gonna be a
good one everybody's coming
don't miss it see you dear brother now
having no supercharging is really one of
the best things that happen to me for a
while I've been spending more time with
the kids in the car
playing games having fun now also
talking to my mom on the phone as you
saw which is really fun too but it
really taught me just how important
supercharging really is for tussled
legacy and the ability to really move
forward and have a head start against
other v's because right now I'm thinking
of other EVs like how to eat Ron for
example and the Thai can and it's
they're compelling because right now I'm
at the spot where I'm in the same boat
as those cars the only difference to me
getting an e-tron or Thai can is that
they actually have fast DC charging so
me getting a rekt I can right now
would kind of make sense because once I
rebuild it
odds are they will keep the DC fast
charging tests no longer does that
similar the Audi e-tron I'm sure they
have different policies will they say
hey listen you know what you built the
car it's yours to keep now and you can
go ahead and do it
Tesla kind of you know removing features
after the fact is it gets a little old
annoying after a while don't get me
wrong that the cars are great but I'm
I'm slowly starting to kind of get where
this is going
and I think it might be that time so
either way either it might be different
easy manufacture at this point or
potentially gas yeah you heard that
right potentially gas the I'll tell you
the me having to get places at a regular
amount of time is becoming more and more
important let's just say I have to go to
you know three or four meetings a day
not being able to fast charge that power
runs down very very quickly and it
starts to become an inconvenience for me
personally so either way stay tuned
thank you for watching
love peace and chicken grease and I'll
see you guys next week oh and last but
not least shout-out to Shawn who was a
fabulous actor by the way he took that
role pretty seriously he had me fooled
for a minute he actually seemed really
upset we were just kidding around
shout out to my daughter
well she doesn't really have a boyfriend
and also my youngest as well I know her
seatbelt wasn't as tight as it should
have been but we were just sitting in a
parking lot anyway so take care guys and
I'll see you guys later